I was in the middle of logging and that
just handoff and it said I was a merry
memory card arrow so that's not great
[Music]
hello it's Ruby and welcome back to
another university blog I went to VidCon
over the weekend and I really just did
not get enough sleep I was so exhausted
it was amazing because it was I loved
being able to meet so many people who
watched my videos and also meet other
youtubers and creators and just really
really incredible people but it was also
very exhausting and I was so tired
because on Friday night I had a sleeper
with all my friends from home Saturday
night we went to a party and Jade and I
got back at one and then decided that we
were going to stay off in chat till 3:30
and then on Sunday night my dad actually
drove me back to Exeter from home and I
didn't get back until like ten plus one
and then yesterday morning I wake up at
six because I had a presentation in the
morning and then I basically just had a
full they have lectures and I don't know
why I didn't still didn't go to bed
until 10:30 because I really got into my
book and I wouldn't stop reading and
which meant I was very tired and so I
decided to catch up on my sleep and I
slept in and so yeah now it's 10:20 I
think I wake up of an hour and a half
ago today I decided I was gonna vlog
because I kind of miss vlogging I was
thinking about the University blogs I
was posting and I just decided that I
was going to post a chatty university
vlog today and which I hope that you
enjoy I've got quite a few things I need
to get done as well I wrote this as my
to-do list last night and now I'm gonna
make a timetable from it so as I said I
decided to plan my day and also do two
readings for philosophy which I didn't
actually feel me doing
okay so I just took a thumbnail photo
for a morning routine which meant I had
to go back into my pajamas but now I've
changed again into minority which is
basically the t-shirt that I always
exercise in pretty much well when it's
clean I'm just gonna quickly put my
contact and because I'm going to go to
the gym before my first lecture so my
first lecture is at 12:05 and it's
currently I think 11:10 so I'm gonna go
I'm only gonna go for maybe 20 minutes I
think but otherwise I'd have to go to
the gym after my lectures and in which
case it would be an extra two pounds so
if I go now then that means I saved you
pounds I have Ghent generally nicer to
go off-peak as well it's so much less
crowded and you can actually use the
machines you want to use
so I just brushed my hair and something
fell out into the toilet but I'm not
sure what it is it's this kind of mini
piece of oh it's fun if there I thought
it would fall out of my hair and I was
thinking how on earth was it was it that
knotted in it but no it was one of the
teeth on the brush okay so let's get
going I'm not going to wear a coat today
because it's not actually I just look it
doesn't look that cold I'm just gonna
wear I've got this long cardigan from
the white company which is one of my
favorite items of cleaving this cardigan
I'm just gonna wear this instead as a
kind of coat it was they made some socks
of course
okay just made myself a quick sandwich
no I'm about to head off
it's 11:26 so I'm meeting up at Isis and
I wanted to leave I might only get 15
minutes in here I made myself ahem a
sandwich because I just realized I'm not
gonna be back here until about 5:00 and
it's obviously not lunchtime yet and I
haven't eaten say quickly made that okay
so I'm currently heading back from the
gym and I've got a problems of
philosophy like Chanel which I'm really
excited for actually it's one of if not
my favorite module at the moment so I've
got five minutes it's my lecture but
luckily it's really not very far away at
all and I feel like my voice is really
crazy sorry about that
and yeah problems of philosophy when I
chose it I thought it was going to be
helping us to you know criticize
philosophy but it's actually so
interesting more interesting than I
thought it would be it's basically
looking at application so kind of
philosophy in the modern world we take a
new theme every week and then we discuss
it philosophically so this week we're
looking at friendship last week we
looked at love we looked at social media
the week before that yes and I'm going
to have to speak now I think because I
really don't want to be late but I will
check back with you after my lecture on
Tuesdays I have three lectures and
they're pretty much back to back that I
have an hour in between two of them and
so my friend Elise and I always go and
get on with some work and today I was
working on a presentation that we had
coming up on Friday and so I was just
going over the script for that and
adding into it making any changes that I
wanted and it's only an hour so you
really don't have very much time to get
into anything but
I always tried to make the most of this
time and I'm glad that I did have the
time to actually work on this because it
was useful
[Music]
okay hey guys we have we just had a
philosophy lecture
slash seminar and we came back and got
tea and now I'm gonna head off but
because I'm vlogging I wanted to let you
know okay so I am just walking back to
my accommodation and I am meeting up
with my friend Madison for a movie night
this evening my dinner now so basically
basically what I've got here is a baby
in taste you already eaten half of some
mushrooms and onions and some scrambled
tofu I just filmed a video which was a
what to my university bag hello it's
Ruby and today I'm going to be doing a
very highly requested video and now I am
going to quickly edit a thumbnail for my
morning routine which is going up
tomorrow and then I'm gonna quickly
finish writing something which I started
in between lectures and
so yes here you can see me editing a
thumbnail on my iPad and then I decided
to do a little bit of reading for
theology from for an essay that I had
coming up before I got ready to go and
see my friend okay so I just got back
from my friend Madison's I just went
around to hers and we were gonna watch a
film this is the second time we tried to
have a movie night and it's the second
time that we have managed to go the
evening without actually watching the
film um but nonetheless we had a really
lovely chat and so I went round to hers
at around 8:00 and now it's 11:00 so I'm
just going to get into bed I'm really
trying to catch over my sleep from
VidCon yes thank you so much for
watching this vlog I hope that you
enjoyed it and I hope that you have a
productive week
[Music]